HTML Structure
1. DOCTYPE Declaration and Meta Information
<!DOCTYPE html>: Specifies the document type and version of HTML (HTML5).
<html lang="en">: Declares the language of the document as English.
<head>: Contains meta information about the document, including character encoding, viewport settings, and the title of the webpage.
<link rel="stylesheet" href="style.css">: Links to the external CSS file (style.css) that styles the webpage.
2. Header Section
<header>: Represents the top section of the webpage.
Navigation Section
Contains a logo, navigation links (Home, About, Services, Explore, Contact), and a "BOOK NOW" button.
Hero Section
Includes a tagline and a main heading that welcomes visitors to the hotel.
A "CHECK OUT" form section is included with options for check-in, check-out, and guest selection.
3. About Us Section
<section>: Represents the "About Us" part of the webpage.
Image and Content
Displays an image representing the hotel.
A content area introduces the hotel with a brief description and a "READ MORE" button.
4. Living Room Section
<section>: Represents the "Living Room" part of the webpage.
Room Details
Displays information about three types of rooms: Deluxe Ocean View, Executive Cityscape Room, and Family Garden Retreat.
Each room has an associated image, description, starting price, and a "BOOK NOW" button.
5. Services Section
<section>: Represents the "Services" part of the webpage.
Service List
Highlights four key services offered by the hotel: High-Class Security, 24 Hours Room Service, Conference Room, and Tourist Guide Support.
6. Customer Section
<section>: Represents customer statistics.
Statistics
Displays the number of properties available, bookings completed, and happy customers.
7. Explore Section
<section>: Represents the "Explore" part of the webpage.
New Features
Introduces new updates or features at the hotel, like a new menu, along with a "Continue" button for more details.
8. Footer Section
<footer>: Represents the footer of the webpage.
Links and Contact Information
Includes the hotel logo, a brief description, quick links, service links, and contact information.
Copyright
Displays copyright information.










CSS Structure
1. Root Variables
Color Variables
--primary-color: Primary theme color (#e82574).
--primary-color-dark: Darker shade of the primary color (#bc1c5c).
--text-dark: Dark text color (#0c0a09).
--text-light: Light text color (#78716c).
--white: White color (#ffffff).
--max-width: Maximum content width (1200px).
2. Global Styling
Resets default margins and paddings to zero, and sets box-sizing to border-box for all elements.
Sets the full height and width of the body.
3. Header and Navigation Styling
Header Section
Sets the height of the header section and applies a background image.
Navigation Section
Configures the layout for the navigation bar, including logo positioning, link styling, and "BOOK NOW" button.
Hero Text
Centers the tagline and main heading, adjusts text size, and adds styling for the "CHECK OUT" form.
4. About Us Section
Layout and Styling
Configures the flexbox layout to display the image and content side by side.
Styles the heading, subheading, and paragraph with appropriate font sizes and colors.
5. Living Room Section
Room Cards
Styles the cards displaying room options with images and text.
Adjusts the layout for room images and content.
6. Services Section
Background and Content
Sets a background image and applies styling to the service list.
7. Customer Section
Statistics Display
Configures a flexbox layout for displaying customer statistics.
8. Explore Section
Content Styling
Styles the "Explore" section with background images and adjusts the content layout for the update announcements.
9. Footer Section
Footer Layout and Styling
Organizes the footer content into sections for quick links, services, and contact information.
Styles the text and layout to ensure readability and accessibility.
